[Docs] Upgrade the database for the sylius resource medias (#109)
jolicode/MediaBundle: doc/bridges/sylius.rst

    }

Upgrade your database
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: bash

    php bin/console doctrine:migrations:diff

::

    declare(strict_types=1);

    namespace DoctrineMigrations;

    use Doctrine\DBAL\Schema\Schema;
    use Doctrine\Migrations\AbstractMigration;

    final class Version20260417075521 extends AbstractMigration
    {
        public function getDescription(): string
        {
            return 'Add media on Sylius image resources';
        }

        public function up(Schema $schema): void
        {
            // It will generate sth like that.
            $this->addSql('ALTER TABLE sylius_product_image ADD media VARCHAR(255) DEFAULT NULL');
            $this->addSql('COMMENT ON COLUMN sylius_product_image.media IS \'(DC2Type:media)\'');
            $this->addSql('ALTER TABLE sylius_avatar_image ADD media VARCHAR(255) DEFAULT NULL');
            $this->addSql('COMMENT ON COLUMN sylius_avatar_image.media IS \'(DC2Type:media)\'');
            $this->addSql('ALTER TABLE sylius_taxon_image ADD media VARCHAR(255) DEFAULT NULL');
            $this->addSql('COMMENT ON COLUMN sylius_taxon_image.media IS \'(DC2Type:media)\'');

>             // Please add this line to synchronize the media with the current path

Author: ```suggestion
            // Please add these lines to synchronize the media with the current path.
```
